[Jazz music]
*
- HEY, LOOK AT US, MAN.
WE GOT IT PRETTY GOOD, HUH?
- MM. LIVING IN SANTA BARBARA.
BEAUTIFUL NIGHT.
TWO PERFECT WOMEN ON OUR ARMS.
HOW'D WE DO IT?
- HEY, HEY, IS THIS--
IS THIS POCKET SQUARE OKAY?
- YEAH. YEAH. LOOKS GREAT.
- YEAH?
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT,
ARE THOSE THE RIGHT GLASSES
FOR THESE DRINKS?
- HEY, HEY, HEY.
BE COOL. WE GOT THIS.
HELLO, HELLO.
- WE'RE BACK.
- WELL, WHAT DOES A LADY
HAVE TO DO AROUND HERE
TO GET A DRY MARTINI?
- PATIENCE IS A VIRTUE.
- SO ARE BROAD SHOULDERS,
BUT IT DOESN'T MEAN
I LIKE TO WAIT FOR THEM.
- [laughs]
- CHEERS, LADIES.
- CHEERS.
- [coughing]
- [coughs]
[continues coughing]
- ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
- [choking coughs]
- OH!
[body thuds, people scream]
- WOULD SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME
WHY YOU WOULD DRAG GUS AND I
OUT OF BED IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE NIGHT
TO COME DOWN HERE AND TEND
TO AN ELDERLY WOMAN
WHO IS SIMPLY
RESTING HER EYES?
THIS IS NOT A CRIME SCENE.
SHE'S NOT DEAD.
YOU'RE NOT DEAD, ARE YOU?
- [gaSPSJ
- SHAWN.
- WHAT?
- AH.
- WILL YOU FOCUS, SHAWN?
WE NEED THIS CASE.
DO SOMETHING.
- YES. I CAN CLEARLY SEE
A VICTIM.
IN THE PRIME OF HIS LIFE.
- SPENCER, WE DON'T NEED
YOUR PARTICULAR BRAND
OF THEATRICS
HERE THIS EVENING.
GO HOME.
GO BACK TO BED.
- LASSIE, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
THE DEATH OF THIS MAN IS LIKE
STARING MY OWN MORTALITY
IN THE FACE.
IF SOMEONE IS OUT THERE
KILLING HANDSOME
AND YOUTHFUL BACHELORS
IN SANTA BARBARA,
THEN ALL OF US ARE IN DANGER.
MAYBE NOT ALL OF US.
CERTAINLY GUS AND MYSELF.
- SPENCER, WE'VE BEEN HERE
ALL OF EIGHT MINUTES.
FOR ALL WE KNOW, HE JUST SLIPPED
OFF THE BALCONY AND FELL.
- WELL, IN THAT CASE,
WE SHOULD ALL BE LOOKING
FOR A BANANA PEEL
OR A ROLLER SKATE.
PERHAPS A WET BAR OF SOAP,
THOUGH THAT SEEMS
THE UNLIKELIEST OF THE THREE.
- MCNAB, PLEASE ESCORT
THESE GENTLEMEN OUT OF HERE.
- OKAY, LASSIE.
OKAY, YOU WIN.
NO REASON TO GET EXCITED.
BUZZ, I THINK
WE CAN SEE OURSELVES OUT.
NO SIGN OF WRIST FRACTURES
OR ANKLE FRACTURES.
TELL ME THIS GUY DIDN'T TRY
TO BRACE HIS FALL FROM 20 FEET.
- ALL RIGHT, LET'S START GETTING
WITNESS STATEMENTS.
WHO DO YOU WANT,
THE CREEPY OLD LADIES
OR THE KEN DOLLS?
- THE KEN DOLLS.
- WE'RE STILL WAITING
FOR TOXICOLOGY
TO CONFIRM, BUT IT DOES LOOK
LIKE HE WAS DEAD
BEFORE HE HIT THE GROUND.
APPEARS TO BE POISONING.
SO KUDOS, MR. SPENCER.
SORRY, CARLTON.
- IN LASSIE'S DEFENSE,
TOXICOLOGY IS NOT A SCIENCE.
- ACTUALLY, IT'S A SCIENCE
OF STUDYING TOXINS.
- GET OUT OF HERE.
- NO, IT IS.
- WELL, I GUESS THAT DOES
MAKE YOU LOOK
A LITTLE FOOLISH.
- YOU KNOW WHAT,
I'VE GOT THE HOME RUN SUSPECT
ON THIS ONE.
ONCE I WAS GIVEN FIVE MINUTES
TO COLLECT MY THOUGHTS,
I RECOGNIZED THE VICTIM'S DATE
AS ONE GILLIAN TUCKER.
FORMERLY
MRS. GILLIAN VANDERHOLT.
- I THOUGHT I RECOGNIZED HER.
SHE USED TO BE MARRIED
TO WALTER VANDERHOLT.
- CLOSED THE CASE
ON HIS SUICIDE FIVE MONTHS AGO,
BUT SOMETHING NEVER SAT RIGHT
WITH ME.
- WHAT ARE YOU GETTING AT?
- I THINK
SHE MURDERED HER HUSBAND
AND GOT AWAY WITH IT.
NOW SHE'S DATING OUR VICTIM
AND SUDDENLY HE'S DEAD TOO?
COME ON, CHIEF.
LET ME RUN WITH THIS ONE.
- WHAT IF WE LET THEM
WORK TOGETHER?
SEPARATELY, BUT TOGETHER?
- THAT LONELY BALD GUY
IN THE CORNER MAKES NO SENSE.
- AM I THE ONLY PERSON
THAT'S FREAKED OUT
HE'S BEEN SITTING THERE
THE WHOLE TIME?
- HENRY, THIS IS YOUR CALL.
YOU'RE THE ONE IN CHARGE
OF CONSULTANTS.
- YOU'RE NOT AFRAID
OF THE COMPETITION,
ARE YOU, SHAWN?
- OF COURSE NOT, AS LONG
AS IT DOESN'T INVOLVE
PEOPLE TRYING
TO BEST EACH OTHER.
- WELL, I'M UP FOR IT.
MATTER OF FACT,
I'VE ALREADY WON.
[The Friendly Indians'
I Know You Know]
*
- * I KNOW YOU KNOW
* THAT I'M NOT TELLING
THE TRUTH *
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
* THEY JUST DON'T HAVE
ANY PROOF *
* EMBRACE THE DECEPTION
* LEARN HOW TO BEND
* YOUR WORST INHIBITIONS
* TEND TO PSYCH YOU OUT
IN THE END *
* I KNOW YOU KNOW *
- ALL RIGHT,
LET'S BAG AND TAG EVERYTHING
IN THE VICTIM'S
MEDICINE CABINET
AND MOVE ON OVER TO GILLIAN
THE CRADLE ROBBER'S.
- I JUST--WHY IS IT
THAT A WEALTHY OLDER MAN
CAN DATE A YOUNGER WOMAN
AND HE'S A HERO,
YET AN OLDER WOMAN CHOOSES
TO EMPOWER HERSELF
AND DATE A YOUNGER MAN,
SHE'S CONSIDERED SOME SORT
OF SOCIAL PARIAH?
- 'CAUSE IT'S GROSS.
- UGH.
- HOLY--! SPENCER, WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING?
- SORRY, LASSIE,
IT WAS NOT MY INTENT
TO CAUSE YOU TO MAKE THAT NOISE
IN FRONT OF THE GROUP.
BUT IN ORDER TO GET
INTO THE MINDSET OF THE VICTIM,
I RENTED AMERICAN GIGOLO
LAST NIGHT.
- YOU THINK
THIS IS PROSTITUTION?
- LANCE TOLKIN
DIDN'T HAVE A JOB, JULES.
HE'S DATING A WOMAN
TWICE HIS AGE
AND HAS A SUPER TROOPERS
PINBALL MACHINE IN HIS BEDROOM.
IT DIDN'T PAY FOR ITSELF.
[grunts]
GUS, I'M GONNA NEED
SOME HELP HERE.
[grunting]
- JUST STAY OUT OF OUR WAY,
SPENCER.
- [grunting]
[grunts]
KILLING WITH CLASS:
THE ART OF SEDUCTION THROUGH
CHARM AND SOPHISTICATION.
QUESTION IS "WHO EXACTLY
IS HE KILLING?"
- HMM. MM. "TO LANCE,
ONE OF MY MOST ARTFUL
"AND GENTLEMANLY STUDENTS.
HAPPY HUNTING.
CORDIALLY, CLIVE PRESCOTT."
- CLIVE...PRESCOTT.
GUS, I DO BELIEVE
WE FOUND A LEAD OF OUR OWN.
- HOW'S YOUR FEET?
- [peevish] I CAN'T FEEL THEM.
- SWEET.
- WAIT, GUS!
I NEED YOU TO BE MY LEGS!
- GENTLEMEN, IF YOU WANT
TO CONTINUE TO SPEND YOUR NIGHTS
WITH DINER WAITRESSES
AND TOLLBOOTH ATTENDANTS,
THEN BY ALL MEANS
CARRY ON YOUR MISERABLE WAY.
BUT IF YOU WANT
TO SURROUND YOURSELF
WITH SOPHISTICATION,
WITH ELEGANT WOMEN
WHO CAN GIVE YOU ANYTHING
YOUR HEART DESIRES,
THEN ASK YOURSELF THE QUESTION
WHAT IS THE PICTURE
THAT YOU ARE PAINTING
OF YOURSELF?
- WHAT IS THIS?
LIKE, FIGHT CLUB FOR BUTLERS?
- FOR INSTANCE, WHAT DID THESE
TWO, UH, BOYS DO WRONG?
- AH, THERE MUST BE SOME SORT
OF MISTAKE.
WE'RE NOT STUDENTS.
I'M PSYCHIC DETECTIVE
SHAWN SPENCER.
THIS IS MY PARTNER,
CHAZ BONO.
- "PSYCHIC DETECTIVE."
GENTLEMEN, THIS IS JUST
WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT.
IF YOU'RE GOING TO CREATE
A FAKE OCCUPATION,
AT LEAST MAKE IT SOUND REAL.
- I'M ALSO
A PHARMACEUTICAL SALESMAN.
- WELL, THAT SOUNDS PATHETIC.
AND IT'S CERTAINLY NOT SEXY.
- WHOA, SERIOUSLY, DUDE,
THIS WHOLE GENTLEMAN THING'S
NOT FOR ME.
I MEAN, IT'S A LITTLE BIT DATED,
DON'T YOU THINK?
- WHAT I THINK IS THAT
WITH MY METHOD,
THERE IS NO ELIGIBLE WOMAN
I COULDN'T SEDUCE.
HOW ABOUT YOU?
- [laughs]
LET'S JUST SAY I DO FINE
ON MY OWN, OKAY?
I'M GOOD.
- REALLY?
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN REALLY?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN REALLY?
- WHEN WAS YOUR LAST
SUCCESSFUL RELATIONSHIP?
- DEFINE RELATIONSHIP.
- "THE WAY IN WHICH
"TWO OR MORE CONCEPTS, OBJECTS,
OR PEOPLE ARE CONNECTED
OR THE STATE OF BEING
CONNECTED."
WEBSTER.
- I HARDLY THINK EMMANUEL LEWIS
IS AN AUTHORITY
ON RELATIONSHIPS.
- MAY I ASK YOU
A PERSONAL QUESTION?
- SURE.
- HAVE YOU EVER BEEN TESTED
FOR IDIOCY?
- WE'RE HERE TO CONDUCT
OFFICIAL POLICE BUSINESS
AND WE'VE GOT SOME PRETTY
SERIOUS QUESTIONS FOR YOU
ABOUT THE DEATH
OF ONE OF YOUR STUDENTS.
LANCE TOLKIN.
- GENTLEMEN, I THINK
WE CAN CALL IT A DAY.
- I'M TELLING YOU,
SHE'S NOT GONNA SHOW.
BY NOW, SHE'S PROBABLY HALFWAY
TO ACAPULCO.
- CARLTON, LET'S NOT JUMP
TO CONCLUSIONS.
GILLIAN TUCKER IS STILL
A VERY PROMINENT WOMAN
IN THIS TOWN.
- LOOK, O'HARA, IN MY BOOK,
IT'S PRETTY CUT AND DRY.
THIS SICK TWIST
SEES AN OPPORTUNITY TO OFF
HER RICH, OLDER HUSBAND
AND THEN SHE GETS HERSELF
A LITTLE BOY TOY.
BUT WHO KNOWS?
MAYBE HE FIGURES OUT HER SECRET.
SO SHE DECIDES
TO OFF HIM TOO
AND THEN IT'S ON
TO THE NEXT SET OF PECS.
MAYBE THE KILLING FEELS GOOD.
LIKE THE SOI-T, SUPPLE FLESH
OF A MAN-BUCK.
- YOU DISTURB ME.
AND YOUR THEORY ON THIS MURDER
DISTURBS ME.
AND YOU DISTURB ME.
- YOU SAID THAT TWICE.
- YES.
- I'M SO SORRY TO KEEP YOU
WAITING, OFFICERS.
THIS WHOLE ORDEAL--
SINCE IT HAPPENED,
I'M JUST BESIDE MYSELF.
I FIND IT DIFFICULT
JUST GETTING OUT OF BED.
- MISS TUCKER,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH
FOR COMING DOWN HERE.
WE JUST HAVE A COUPLE
OF QUESTIONS.
- PLEASE HAVE A SEAT.
- THANK YOU.
- DO YOU RECOGNIZE ME,
MISS TUCKER?
I WAS THE DETECTIVE
LOOKING INTO YOUR LATE
HUSBAND'S SUICIDE.
- NO, I BELIEVE
THAT WAS A MUCH YOUNGER MAN.
LESS SALT AND PEPPER.
- WE ARE VERY, VERY SORRY
FOR YOUR LOSS, MISS TUCKER.
AND, SERIOUSLY--I'M SORRY--
YOU JUST GOT OUT OF BED?
- YOU KNOW, YOU HAVE A FUNNY WAY
OF MOURNING.
YOU SURE DIDN'T WASTE ANY TIME
GETTING BACK UP ON THAT HORSE
AI-TER YOUR HUSBAND'S DEATH.
- I'M LATE
FOR A BUSINESS MEETING.
AND I DON'T RIDE HORSES,
DETECTIVE.
- MISS TUCKER,
ARE YOU TRYING TO SEDUCE ME?
- NOT EVEN A LITTLE.
I'M NOT GONNA LIE,
I WAS NOT IN A HAPPY MARRIAGE.
BUT I HAVE MY OWN WAY
OF MOURNING
AND I ASSUME
YOU HAVE YOURS AS WELL.
WHAT IS A WOMAN MY AGE SUPPOSED
TO DO, DETECTIVE, KNIT?
- CARLTON, CAN I TALK TO YOU
FOR A SECOND?
NOW? HMM?
CARLTON, SHE IS NOT GOING
TO A BUSINESS MEETING.
I THINK SHE'S GOING
ON A DATE.
- WHAT MAKES YOU SAY THAT?
- WELL, WHO'S SHE DOING
HER HAIR AND MAKEUP FOR, YOU?
- MAYBE.
- CARLTON, IT'S CALLED
BEING A DETECTIVE
AND A WOMAN.
SHE'S BEING INTERVIEWED
BY TWO HOMICIDE COPS
AND SHE'S PRIMPING LIKE THAT?
NOT FOR A MEETING.
AND IF SHE'S LYING
ABOUT WHERE SHE'S GOING,
SHE'S LYING
ABOUT OTHER THINGS TOO.
- MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT.
WE SHOULD TAIL HER.
- THAT'S NOT WHAT I SAID.
- O'HARA, WOULD YOU STOP
DISAGREEING WITH ME
WHEN I'M AGREEING WITH YOU?
- MM.
- CAN YOU TELL US
ABOUT LANCE TOLKIN?
- "CAN I"?
MEANING DO I HAVE
THE NEUROLOGICAL
AND VERBAL ABILITY TO DO SO?
- SORRY. WILL YOU?
- I'VE HEARD IT BOTH WAYS.
- MAYBE ON A FARM YOU HAVE.
LANCE TOLKIN
HAD NOT YET MASTERED THE ART
OF, UM...MANNERS.
I'LL LEAVE IT AT THAT.
- I'M SENSING
THE EXACT OPPOSITE.
DIDN'T YOU REFER TO HIM
AS ONE OF YOUR MOST
"ARTFUL" STUDENTS?
- ONE POINT FOR YOU,
PSYCHIC.
- DID SOMETHING HAPPEN
BETWEEN YOU TWO?
- LOOK, WAS HE A GOOD STUDENT?
YES.
DID HE SHOW POTENTIAL?
PERHAPS MORE THAN THE OTHERS.
HE WAS GOOD. BUT MAYBE NOT
AS GOOD AS HE THOUGHT.
[stamps forcefully]
- YOU SOUND A LITTLE ANGRY.
- ANGER IS EASY.
A GENTLEMEN TAKES HIS IRE
AND TURNS IT INTO INSIGHT.
THAT'S IN CHAPTER THREE
OF MY BOOK.
GOOD DAY.
- WHAT IS THAT?
- "DEAR GENTLEMEN,
THANK YOU FOR YOUR INQUIRIES
"ABOUT THE DEATH
OF MY FORMER STUDENT
"GOOD LUCK
WITH THE INVESTIGATION.
CORDIALLY, CLIVE PRESCOTT."
- WHAT THE...?
- IT'S A THANK YOU NOTE.
THIS IS WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
- THIS GUY'S PLAYING
WITH US, GUS.
THIS WHOLE GENTLEMAN THING
IS A SHAM.
I'M GONNA PROVE IT TOO.
- EYES PEELED, O'HARA.
THIS IS WHERE WE LET HER
HANG HERSELF.
WHAT--
GUSTER, WHAT THE HE--?
- THAT'S A GOOD WAY
TO GET YOURSELF SHOT.
- WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU WEARING, SPENCER?
- I AIN'T SPENCER.
I'M SOUP CAN SAM.
AND UNLIKE SOME DETECT IVES,
WHEN GUS AND I SHOW UP
FOR A STAKEOUT,
WE TRY TO BLEND IN
WITH THE REGULAR PEOPLE.
- WHO'S GUS SUPPOSED TO BE?
- I'M A REGULAR GUY IN A CAR.
I'LL BLEND IN FINE.
- WELL, AT LEAST SOMEONE
FINALLY REALIZED
WHO THE RIGHT SUSPECT IS.
- I GUESS SOMEONE DID.
- WAIT, HE THINKS
WE'RE TAILING HER?
- SHH.
- SHE'S OBVIOUSLY MEETING
A NEW BOY TOY.
MAYBE ONE EVEN YOUNGER
THAN THE LAST.
- YOUNGER?
WHO DO YOU THINK SHE'S
MEETING WITH, JUSTIN BIEBER?
- LASSIE, HAVE YOU CONSIDERED
THE POSSIBILITY
THAT SHE'S THE VICTIM HERE?
- OH, SHH, HERE WE GO.
WHO THE HELL IS THAT?
- THAT'S OUR GUY.
CLIVE PRESCOTT.
- SHAWN, WHAT ARE YOU
GETTING AT?
- WE KNOW WHO THE MURDERER IS.
AND WE HAVE
THE HOME RUN SUSPECT.
AND HE IS SANTA BARBARA'S
BIGGEST DIRTY ROTTEN SCOUNDREL.
- THE COPS ALREADY GOT
MY STATEMENT
THE NIGHT OF THE CRIME.
- I KNOW.
WE READ YOUR STATEMENT,
BUT WE HAVE QUESTIONS
OF OUR OWN.
WE NOW BELIEVE SOMEONE MAY HAVE
POISONED MR. TOLKIN'S DRINK.
- DO YOU REMEMBER WHAT HIS
DRINK ORDERS WERE THAT NIGHT?
- NORMALLY I WOULDN'T,
BUT HIS CAUGHT MY ATTENTION.
IT WAS DIFFERENT.
CLASSY. COOL.
- YES. SEA BREEZE.
- NO. UH, GABARDINE HIGHTAIL.
TWO PARTS BRORA SCOTCH.
ONE PART DRAMBUIE.
A TEASPOON OF HONEY.
IT WAS MR. TOLKIN'S FAVORITE.
IN FACT, MISS TUCKER
BROUGHT HER PRIVATE BOTTLE
OF BRORA SCOTCH FOR ME TO KEEP
BEHIND THE BAR THAT NIGHT
JUST FOR MR. TOLKIN.
- WE'RE GONNA NEED
THAT BOTTLE.
- YES, DAD.
WE'RE FOLLOWING HIM NOW.
I'M SURPRISED YOU DIDN'T ASK
TO SIT IN THE BACK SEAT.
- YOUR HUNCH WAS MORE
THAN GOOD, SHAWN.
PRESCOTT'S LAST KNOWN LIAISON
WAS LORRAINE BELLE,
ONE OF THE WEALTHIEST WIDOWS
IN SANTA BARBARA.
- MAYBE WE SHOULD CHECK HER OUT
WHEN WE'RE FINISHED HERE.
- YEAH, IT'S GONNA BE
KIND OF HARD.
SHE'S DEAD.
SHE WENT ON VACATION
WITH PRESCOTT TO SOUTH AMERICA.
NEVER CAME BACK.
DIED IN A DROWNING ACCIDENT.
- THAT'S INTERESTING, POP,
BUT HE'S SLOWING DOWN.
WE GOT TO GO.
- WAIT, WAIT, SHAWN.
I THINK THIS GUY'S DANGEROUS.
I WANT YOU TO BE CAREFUL.
- I PROMISE.
[hangs up]
I THINK MY DAD'S
STARTING TO LIKE ME.
- LOOK AT THAT, GUS,
HE'S LITERALLY TAKING HER
TO THE BANK.
- WHAT'S THE NEXT STOP,
THE CLEANERS?
DUDE, I THOUGHT YOU SAID
WE WERE JUST GONNA FOLLOW HIM.
- THAT WOULDN'T BE VERY MUCH FUN
NOW WOULD IT, GUS?
[jar slams]
- WHAT ARE YOU GENTLEMEN
DOING HERE?
- I'M HERE TO SEE MY MONEY.
THEY KEEP IT IN A SPECIAL ROOM
IN THE BACK
WITH A TRAMPOLINE.
I'M GONNA ROLL AROUND IN IT
FOR A WHILE.
MAYBE MAKE IT RAIN.
SORT OF LIKE THAT MOVIE
INDECENT PROPOSAL
EXCEPT NO SEX--MAYBE SEX.
MISS TUCKER,
I'M SHAWN SPENCER.
PSYCHIC DETECTIVE
FOR THE SBPD.
[sniffs] I'M SENSING
THAT YOU ENJOY THE COMPANY
OF YOUNGER MEN.
AND FOR OBVIOUS REASONS,
I CAN'T TAKE MY EYES
OFF OF YOU.
- [chuckles]
- IF YOU'RE DONE SNIFFING US,
WE HAVE AN APPOINTMENT.
EXCUSE US.
- [chuckles]
- WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?
- THE MANAGER'S HAIR?
- NO.
- YOU HEARD WHAT MY DAD SAID.
THIS GUY FLEECES WOMEN
AND THEY END UP DEAD.
WE GOT TO KEEP HIM
AWAY FROM HER,
SLOW DOWN THIS TRAIN
UNTIL WE HAVE THE PROOF
THAT WE NEED.
- SHAWN, IS THIS ABOUT
YOUR EGO
AND TRYING TO PROVE YOU HAVE
MORE GAME THAN THIS GUY?
- GUS, I'VE NEVER BEEN
MORE OFFENDED.
THAT WOULD BE A NICE BONUS.
- YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN.
- [CIICKS tongue]
MISS TUCKER, I APOLOGIZE
FOR BEING SO ABRUPT,
BUT AS A PSYCHIC,
MY GII-T IS CONNECTION.
KNOWING WITHOUT SAYING.
LEARNING WITHOUT ASKING.
EATING WITHOUT CHEWING.
IT WOULD BE MY PLEASURE
TO ACCOMPANY YOU
ON THE TOWN THIS EVENING.
PERHAPS
WE COULD PAINT IT PURPLE
SINCE WE WERE BOTH BORN
IN FEBRUARY.
- THAT'S AMAZING.
HOW DID YOU DO THAT?
- LITTLE BIT OF THIS,
WHOLE LOT OF THAT,
AND JUST A TINGE OF--
- UM, WOULD YOU MIND
IF I HAD A WORD
WITH MR. SPENCER?
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
- OBVIOUSLY, I'M FLIRTING
WITH A NEWLY AVAILABLE WIDOW
THAT HAPPENS TO BE YOUR DEAR,
DEAR FRIEND.
- YEAH, WELL, YOU'RE WAY OUT
OF YOUR LEAGUE.
SO WHY DON'T YOU BACK OUT?
- OH, YOU THINK I CAN'T HANDLE
YOUR GAME?
- IT'S NOT A GAME.
THAT'S YOUR FIRST MISTAKE.
- [gasps] YOU JUST PUSHED
MY COMPETITIVE BUTTON
AND NOW IT'S ON.
- I'D BE FRIGHTENED IF YOU WERE
WEARING ANY BUTTONS.
MISS TUCKER, I AM SO SORRY
TO HAVE EXPOSED YOU
TO THESE JUVENILE ANTICS.
- CLIVE, I THINK
HE'S RATHER ADORABLE.
- SO IS A GIBBON, BUT HAVE YOU
EVER TRIED TO EAT WITH ONE?
NOW, THIS MAN-BOY HERE
LACKS ALL CULTURE, ELEGANCE,
AND HE SMELLS
OF BUFFALO WINGS.
- HA! THAT IS WHERE
YOU ARE WRONG, SIR.
WHAT YOU'RE SMELLING
ARE BUFFALO WING FLAVORED
SNYDER'S PRETZELS
OF HANOVER.
- IT'S AMERICA'S PRETZEL.
- AND HANOVER'S, OBVIOUSLY.
- [laughs]
- DO YOU SEE NOW WHY THIS
WOULD BE SUCH A BAD MISTAKE?
- GILLIAN, HAVE YOU EVER DATED
A MAN WHO WAS TRIPLE-JOINTED?
- WOW.
- NO, I CAN'T SAY THAT I HAVE.
- THAT'S A SHAME.
I WAS HOPING TO DISCUSS IT
WITH YOU TONIGHT
ON OUR DATE.
- WELL, I MUST SAY
YOU ARE AN ORIGINAL,
SHAWN SPENCER.
AND I THINK IT WOULD BE
A BREATH OF FRESH AIR
TO DINE WITH YOU,
AND PRECISELY
WHAT I NEED RIGHT NOW.
- YOU'VE GOT
TO BE KIDDING ME.
- OH, I'M SO SORRY.
I'M SORRY. I'M GONNA HAVE
TO LEAVE RIGHT NOW
OR I'M NOT GONNA BE READY
FOR TONIGHT. I'M SORRY, CLIVE.
- GUESS YOU'LL HAVE TO OPEN
THIS SAFETY DEPOSIT BOX
SOME OTHER TIME.
- ONE STIPULATION.
MY FRIEND EUGENIA
WAS RECENTLY DISAPPOINTED
BY A GENTLEMAN FRIEND
AND SHE COULD USE
SOME COMPANY.
DO YOU HAVE SOMEONE FOR HER?
- AS A MATTER OF FACT,
I HAVE THE PERFECT GENTLEMAN.
- SHAWN,
THIS ISN'T HAPPENING.
- GUS, DON'T BE
GEORGE HAMILTON'S REACTION
WHEN ASHLEY CAME TO HIM
AND SAID "DAD, I THINK
I'LL BECOME AN ACTOR TOO."
[whispers] KEEP AN OPEN MIND.
THIS IS ABOUT SOLVING A MURDER.
HELLO, LADIES.
YOUR TRAMPS HAVE ARRIVED.
- HELLO.
- [laughs]
WELL, FIRST THINGS FIRST.
I ALWAYS LIKE TO GIVE A LITTLE
GET-TO-KNOW-YOU SOMETHING.
- OH, MY GOODNESS.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
THIS 15--
WOW.
[laughs]
THIS IS A LITTLE BIT AWKWARD,
ONLY BECAUSE
I DON'T WEAR EARRINGS.
I MEAN, I USED TO
BACK IN THE DAY.
THREE OF THEM. BUT THAT WAS
JUST BECAUSE OF TEARS FOR FEARS.
- SHAWN, THOSE ARE CUFFLINKS.
- [laughs] COURSE THEY ARE, GUS.
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS.
- OH. UM, GUS.
- YES.
- UH, WOULD YOU CARE
FOR SOME GUM?
OH, I ONLY HAVE, UH,
ONE PIECE LEI-T.
WE COULD SPLIT IT.
- EUGENIA'S BEEN STAYING WITH ME
SINCE WALTER DIED.
SHE DOESN'T LIKE
TO GO OUT MUCH.
IT HASN'T WORKED OUT
WITH ANY OF THE MEN
I'VE SET HER UP WITH.
MAYBE GUS WILL BE THE ONE.
GENIE, ISN'T GUS HANDSOME?
- [chuckles]
- OOH.
- EUGENIA, DON'T LOOK.
DON'T LOOK. DON'T LOOK.
GABE MCKINLEY'S OVER THERE
WITH THAT TRAM P, OLIVIA AINSLEY.
- [gasps] OH.
- GABE WAS EUGENIA'S DATE
AT THE BENEFIT.
IT DIDN'T WORK OUT.
- AH.
- I CAN'T IMAGINE WHY.
- WE BOTH ARE SO SORRY
TO HEAR THAT.
[whispers] YOU'RE NOT PULLING
YOUR WEIGHT.
- [whispers] I'M TRYING.
EVERY TIME I SMILE AT HER,
SHE PUCKERS AT ME.
I'M NOT USED
TO THE PUCKER, SHAWN.
- GILLIAN SAID
SHE'S INTO GARDENING.
ASK HER ABOUT FLOWERS.
- I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT FLOWERS.
- JUST ASK HER SOMETHING!
AH, SORRY.
- SO, EUGENIA...
- YES.
- EXACTLY HOW OLD ARE YOU?
- [slams table]
- THIS IS THE LIMOUX VIVENTI
CABERNET DUMONT.
- OH.
- MAY I?
- "MAY YOU" OR "CAN YOU"?
- I THINK HE GOT IT RIGHT
THE FIRST TIME.
- ALL RIGHT.
ACTUALLY, WE HAVEN'T
ORDERED WINE.
- THIS WINE IS COMPLIMENTS
OF THE GENTLEMAN
SITTING RIGHT THERE.
- OH.
- [whispers] HE'S GETTING UP.
TAKE HIM OUT.
- [whispers] WHAT?
"TAKE HIM OUT"?
- SWEEP THE LEG.
- I'M NOT SWEEPING HIS LEG.
- WHY WON'T YOU EVER
SWEEP THE LEG?
- GOOD EVENING, EVERYONE.
- WELL, THIS IS UNFORTUNATE,
ISN'T IT?
TO WALK ALL THE WAY
OVER HERE
ONLY TO DISCOVER
THAT THERE IS NOT ROOM
AT THIS TABLE FOR YOU.
[whispers] OUCH.
- SHAWN, DON'T BE SILLY.
THERE'S AN EMPTY SEAT
RIGHT HERE.
- THANK YOU
FOR THAT GRACIOUS INVITATION.
I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH
OF A WINE CONNOISSEUR YOU ARE,
MR. SPENCER, BUT I THINK
YOU WILL FIND THE DUMONT
BOTH NUTTY AND SHY.
- VERY FAMILIAR.
THAT WAS GUS ON THE FIRST DAY
OF KINDERGARTEN.
- SHAWN.
- IT'S TRUE.
YOU DIDN'T TALK TO ANYONE
AND YOU PEED
IN YOUR CUBBYHOLE.
I'D SAY THAT'S PRETTY NUTTY,
WOULDN'T YOU?
- OKAY, EXCUSE ME.
- I'M GOING TO JOIN HER.
- [chuckles]
- NOT TOGETHER.
- LOOK AT YOU.
YOU'RE LIKE A SCARED CHICKEN
AT A SLAUGHTERHOUSE,
AND I'VE JUST RATTLED
YOUR CAGE.
- YOU'RE RIGHT ABOUT THE CAGE.
BUT I'M A RABID HAMSTER
AND I'M JUST GETTING
STARTED, JACK.
- HELLO, PROFESSOR.
- MR. MCKINLEY.
I SEE YOU'RE WITH MISS AINSLEY
TONIGHT.
- WHY, YES, I AM, SIR.
FIRST DATE.
THINK YOU'VE DATED EVERYONE
IN THIS RESTAURANT.
- [laughs]
WELL, SIR, I LEARNED
FROM THE VERY BEST.
BUT PERHAPS I'M NOT AS GOOD
AS MR. SPENCER.
YOU'RE HERE
WITH MISS TUCKER?
HMM. I WAS UNDER THE IMPRESSION
SHE WAS OFF LIMITS.
- OFF LIMITS?
- WELL, YES.
UH, EVERYONE WAS FAIR GAME
EXCEPT FOR HER.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, PROFESSOR?
I GUESS THAT MAKES YOU
A VERY BRAVE MAN, MR. SPENCER.
- DOESN'T ANYONE USE
FIRST NAMES ANYMORE?
- HEY, GOOD LUCK.
- YEAH.
YEAH, WON'T BE NEEDING
ANY OF THAT.
WHAT'S THE DEAL WITH--
I DON'T--IT GOES--
- WE MUST REMEMBER THIS WINE
WHEN WE GO TO PERU.
- OH, YES, YES, YES.
CLIVE IS TAKING ME ON A BUSINESS
TRIP TO SOUTH AMERICA.
I'VE DECIDED TO INVEST IN ART.
AND HE'S FOUND
A WONDERFUL PAINTER IN LIMA
THAT HE THINKS I MIGHT
BE INTERESTED IN.
- SHE WENT ON VACATION
WITH PRESCOTT TO SOUTH AMERICA.
NEVER CAME BACK.
DIED IN A DROWNING ACCIDENT.
- GILLIAN, IT'S A LITTLE STUFFY
IN HERE, DON'T YOU THINK?
LITTLE BIT?
WHY DON'T YOU SAY
THE FOUR OF US ROLL ON OUT,
HIT SOME PLACE
A LITTLE LESS PRESCOTTY.
- WELL, WHERE DID YOU HAVE
IN MIND?
- CREATES THE PERFECT
CRISSCROSS.
THAT'S IT. SYMMETRY.
SYMMETRY.
ALLOWING ALL THE TOPPINGS
TO SNUGGLE UP
AND GET WARM
UNDER A BLANKET OF CHEESE.
AND BITE.
- MM-MM.
- MM.
- MM'S RIGHT.
- MM-HMM.
- OKAY, THIS MAKES NO SENSE.
HOW COULD SHE NOT BE INTO ME?
- WHY DO YOU CARE?
- I DIDN'T, BUT NOW I DO.
NO ONE OVER THE AGE OF 32
SHUTS THIS DOWN.
- WOULD YOU STOP THINKING
ABOUT YOUR EGO
AND START THINKING
ABOUT THIS CASE?
- MY EGO?
- GILLIAN, I FOR ONE AM HAVING
A MARVELOUS TIME.
- MM. ME TOO.
- BUT I NEED TO ASK YOU
A TEENSY-WEENSY LITTLE FAVOR.
ACTUALLY,
IT'S MORE LIKE THIS.
- [chuckles]
- FOR THE NEXT COUPLE OF DAYS,
DO YOU THINK THAT YOU COULD
NOT SPEAK TO
OR HANG OUT WITH PRESCOTT?
AND ALSO MAYBE NOT GO
TO PERU WITH HIM EITHER?
- SHAWN.
ARE YOU ALREADY JEALOUS?
NOT SURE HOW I FEEL
ABOUT THAT.
CLIVE IS JUST A FRIEND.
[chuckles]
- YOU WANT TO TOUCH MY HEAD?
WOMEN OF ALL AGES AND RACES
SAY IT HAS MAGICAL POWERS.
- I'M GOOD.
[knock on door]
- LASSIE AND JULES.
WELL, WHAT A SURPRISE.
ONE--GUS, I THOUGHT
YOU PUT A SOCK ON THE DOOR.
ONE SECOND.
- I KNOW YOUR TYPE.
YOU DON'T LIKE
"THE TELEGRAPH."
YOU LIKE YOUR MAN
TO SURPRISE YOU.
I HEAR THAT.
- WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING
IN OUR PERSONAL SPACE?
- WE DON'T WANT TO RAIN
ON YOUR EARLY BIRD SPECIAL,
BUT WE THOUGHT YOU SHOULD KNOW
YOU'RE DATING OUR PRIME SUSPECT.
- THIS IS NOT A DATE.
COME ON.
WE'RE WORKING.
THIS IS AN INVESTIGATION.
- WE GET IT.
YOU KNOW, IT'S HARD OUT THERE.
NOT EVERYBODY
HAS AS MANY CHOICES.
DON'T BE ASHAMED.
- YOU DON'T SERIOUSLY THINK
THAT GUS AND I
ARE INTERESTED IN THESE WOMEN?
LOOK, I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT YOU GUYS,
WE'RE TRYING TO SOLVE
A MURDER HERE.
- OH.
- EXCUSE ME.
- MM-HMM.
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
- YOU TELL ME.
- OH. OH, THAT?
IT'S NOT WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
- NO. WE GET IT.
APPARENTLY
WHILE YOU AND SPENCER
ARE EXPLORING YOUR DISTURBING
NEW FETISH FOR OLDER WOMEN,
O'HARA AND I WERE DISCOVERING
WE WERE RIGHT ABOUT TUCKER.
- GILLIAN HAD ACCESS
TO THE BOTTLE OF SCOTCH
LANCE WAS GOING TO BE DRINKING
THAT NIGHT
AND SHE MAY HAVE POISONED IT.
- WAS HE DRINKING
A GABARDINE HIGHTAIL?
PRESCOTT CREATED THAT DRINK.
IT'S IN HIS BOOK.
- PRESCOTT TAUGHT LANCE
EVERYTHING.
HE KNEW WHAT HE WOULD ORDER.
AND PRESCOTT COULD'VE EASILY
SPIKED THAT PUNCH.
NOW, IF YOU DON'T MIND,
GUS IS A LITTLE BUSY
TRYING TO GET SOME SWEET NOOKIE
OFF HIS OLD AUNTIE.
- FOR THE CASE.
- GOOD LUCK.
- GO GET 'EM, TIGER.
YOU KNOW, GUS,
I CAN IMAGINE A WORLD
WHERE I GET A LITTLE FRISKY
WITH GILLIAN TUCKER.
I DON'T THINK I NEED
TO ROUND THE BASES.
BUT, YOU KNOW,
SLIDE INTO SECOND SAFELY
FEELS SUFFICIENT.
- I GOT THE DOUBLE PULLBACK,
SHAWN.
SHE REJECTED ME.
I MEAN, WHAT IS THAT?
SHE SMELLED LIKE MOTHBALLS.
- SOMETIMES YOU SMELL
LIKE STYROFOAM. I DIG IT.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT,
SHAWN?
- I NEVER TOLD YOU THAT
BEFORE?
BOTTOM LINE IS WE KEPT PRESCOTT
AWAY FROM GILLIAN.
HE BACKED OFF.
MEANS WE WIN, RIGHT?
AH. I DON'T FEEL RIGHT.
I HATE TO SAY THIS,
BUT I THINK WE MAY HAVE GOTTEN
SOME BAD PINEAPPLE
ON THAT PIZZA.
HOW'S YOUR STOMACH?
- I'M FINE.
- REALLY? AH.
MAYBE IT WASN'T PINEAPPLE.
MAYBE SOMEBODY GOT TO MY WINE
AT THE RESTAURANT.
OH!
GUS, I SEE A BRIGHT LIGHT.
I THINK I SHOULD GO
TOWARDS IT.
- OKAY, STOP PLAYING, SHAWN.
- I'M GOING.
TAKE CARE
OF MY GREAT DANE LOTHAR.
- YOU DON'T HAVE
A GREAT DANE, SHAWN.
- GET A GREAT DANE!
NAME HIM LOTHAR!
- OKAY,
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- I WAS POISONED, BUDDY.
I'M SURE OF IT.
BUT I KNOW WHO KILLED ME.
REMEMBER, IT WAS PRESCOTT
WHO KILLED ME.
[monitor beeping]
- SHAWN, THE DOCTOR'S HERE
TO TALK TO YOU.
- WELL, I'M SORRY, MR. SPENCER,
BUT THERE'S NO QUESTION.
YOU WERE POISONED.
- OH, GOD, GUS, I KNEW IT.
[peevish] I TOLD YOU.
I TOLD YOU I WAS POISONED.
- SHAWN, I SLEPT
WITH STACEY WHITAKER
WHEN WE WERE AT THE CABIN
SUMMER OF JUNIOR YEAR.
I KNOW YOU HAD A CRUSH ON HER
AND I'M REALLY SORRY.
- THERE'S ALSO NO QUESTION
YOU'RE GOING TO BE FINE.
- WHEN I SAY SLEEP,
I MEAN LITERALLY SLEEP.
I WAS SO TIRED THAT NIGHT.
I MEAN POOPED.
SAWING LOGS. ZZZZZZZ.
- YOU WERE BARELY POISONED.
THERE WERE JUST TRACES
IN YOUR SYSTEM.
- WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
YOU MEAN I'M NOT GONNA DIE?
- WELL, MAYBE FROM ALL
THE TAPIOCA PUDDING
AND RAISINS IN YOUR STOMACH,
BUT NOT FROM THE POISON.
- THAT WAS MY TAPIOCA, SHAWN.
YOU SON OF A--
- SHAWN, HOW ARE YOU?
- PAPA.
DADDY, COME.
COME CLOSER. COME AND HUG ME.
- SHAWN. SHAWN. LASSITER
IS INTERVIEWING GILLIAN
AND PRESCOTT AT THE STATION.
YOU SHOULD BE THERE.
I VOUCHED FOR YOU.
DO NOT MAKE ME LOOK LIKE A FOOL.
- DAD, I WAS POISONED.
- I HEARD "BARELY."
COME ON. GET YOUR PANTS ON.
LET'S GO.
- WHAT ARE YOU DO--?
AAH!
- WHERE WERE YOU AFTER YOU LEI-T
THE RESTAURANT LAST NIGHT?
- DETECTIVE, HAVE YOU EVER READ
LADY CHATTERLEY'S LOVER?
- LET'S STAY ON POINT,
MR. PRESCOTT.
- SO YOU HAVEN'T READ IT?
- IN COLLEGE, YEAH.
IT WAS A LONG TIME AGO.
- IT'S JUST THAT
WITH YOUR CORN SILK HAIR,
YOU MIGHT'VE STEPPED
RIGHT OUT OF ITS PAGES.
- WOW.
- DO YOU, LIKE LADY CHATTERLEY,
FEEL TRAPPED EMOTIONALLY?
LONGING? THE NEED--
THE DESIRE TO BE HELD?
- OH, MY...THIS FLOWERY CRAP
ACTUALLY WORKS ON YOU?
- IF YOU HAD READ THE BOOK,
YOU WOULD UNDERSTAND, SHAWN.
THIS MAN HAS ACTUAL INSIGHT
TO THE PSYCHE OF A WOMAN.
- I SAW ALL
THE EMMANUELLE MOVIES
INCLUDING THE ONE
WHERE SHE CHANGED RACES.
I THINK I HAVE PLENTY OF INSIGHT
INTO THE FEMALE PSYCHE.
THANK YOU. NOW WILL YOU ADMIT
THAT YOUR BOOK IS DATED
AND THAT I HAVE MORE GAME
THAN YOU?
- I WILL NOT.
- ALL RIGHT.
WILL YOU ADMIT THAT YOU TRIED
TO MURDER ME LAST NIGHT
BY POISONING MY PERSON?
- I CERTAINLY WILL NOT.
AND MY UNDERSTANDING IS
THAT YOU WERE BARELY POISONED.
- OKAY, WHY DO PEOPLE
KEEP QUALIFYING THAT?
- MR. PRESCOTT,
YOU HAVE MY SINCEREST APOLOGIES.
YOU'RE FREE TO GO.
PICK UP YOUR ID WITH THE OFFICER
AT THE FRONT DESK.
- WHAT? ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
DID YOU COME IN HERE TO KID ME?
- I HAD TO LET GILLIAN GO
AS WELL.
WE DON'T HAVE ENOUGH
TO HOLD EITHER ONE OF THEM.
- HEY, DAD, GET IN HERE.
NO, MY OTHER FATHER.
WOULD YOU PLEASE
COME IN HERE?
LOOK, YOU HAVE BEEN ON MY SIDE
FROM THE BEGINNING.
YOU CANNOT ALLOW THEM
TO RELEASE THIS GUY.
- I KNOW YOU FROM SOMEWHERE,
DON'T I?
YES.
YES, I REMEMBER YOU NOW.
A GENTLEMEN NEVER FORGETS
A NAME.
LET'S SEE. HENRY.
HENRY WILLIAM SPENCER.
HE'S THE ONLY STUDENT
I EVER HAD TO KICK OUT.
- YOU GOT KICKED OUT
OF HIS SEMINAR?
- YOU DIDN'T KICK ME OUT.
YOU INVITED ME TO LEAVE.
- READ BETWEEN THE LINES, SIR.
- OH--OH, DAD, THIS IS GOO--
THIS IS TOO GOOD.
THIS IS TOO RICH.
NOT ONLY DID YOU TAKE
THE SEMINAR,
YOU WERE INVITED TO LEAVE?
OH, MY GOD, DAD.
OH, MY GOD. OH, MY GOD.
- FOCUS, SHAWN.
- ONE MORE.
CHANDLER BING STYLE.
[as Chandler Bing]
OH, MY GOD!
- LOOK, WE CAN STILL NAIL
THIS GUY.
PRESCOTT WAS DATING
ANOTHER WOMAN.
A HARRIETT, UH, FINESTATT.
HE WAS SEEING HER
AT THE TIME OF HER DEATH.
A MONTH LATER,
THE COMPANY GOES KAPUT.
- GREAT. DAD, THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT WE NEED.
- SHAWN, I WANT YOU
TO GIVE ME SOME TIME
TO SUBSTANTIATE ALL THIS.
YOU ARE SO CLOSE.
IT'S ALL STARTING TO TAKE SHAPE.
I WANT YOU TO START
TO THINK LIKE A DETECTIVE.
WE SIT ON IT. GOT IT?
- GOT IT.
- THE IDEA IS TO ATTACK
AND CONQUER.
LOVE DOESN'T COME TO YOU.
YOU GO FIND IT.
SLAY IT IF NECESSARY,
BUT GET IT AND BRING IT BACK.
ANY QUESTIONS?
- I'VE GOT ONE.
- OH, BROTHER. YES?
- WHY IS THAT YOU WILL STOP
AT NOTHING
TO STEAL WOMEN'S MONEY
AND ULTIMATELY MURDER THEM?
- THAT'S RIDICULOUS AND UNTRUE.
- REALLY?
WELL, THEN PERHAPS YOU WOULDN'T
MIND TALKING TO THE CLASS
ABOUT THE DEATH
OF HARRIETT FIN ESTATT.
- WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO SAY?
YOU WANT ME TO TALK
ABOUT HER CANCER?
HOW I WAS AT HER BEDSIDE
FOR MONTHS AND MONTHS?
OR SHOULD I TELL YOU
ABOUT HOW HER UNGRATEFUL SONS
TOOK ALL OF HER MONEY
AND DROVE HER BUSINESS
INTO THE GROUND?
- NEITHER OF THOSE THINGS.
OBVIOUSLY WE'RE VERY SORRY
FOR YOUR LOSS.
BUT...
- UH-OH.
- WHAT ABOUT THE WOMAN
IN SOUTH AMERICA, HMM?
THE ONE
WHO SUPPOSEDLY DROWNED.
COME ON.
- LORRAINE?
SHE WAS KILLED BY A STINGRAY.
NOW UNLESS YOU'RE ACCUSING ME
OF HIRING A SEA CREATURE
AS A HIT MAN...
- OKAY, WELL, TELL ME THIS:
WHAT DO YOU DO WHEN A WOMAN
WHO'S MUCH OLDER THAN YOU
SPURNS YOUR ADVANCES?
- GUS, COME ON.
A LITTLE DECORUM.
- WHAT? YOU JUST ACCUSED HIM
OF DEATH BY STINGRAY.
- WELL, WHY WAS GILLIAN
OFF LIMITS THEN, HUH?
WHY DON'T YOU PAINT US
THAT PICTURE?
- YOU WANT A REAL PICTURE,
MR. SPENCER?
- I DO WANT THE REAL PICTURE.
SO DROP THE GENTLEMAN ACT
AND SAY SOMETHING REAL.
WHY GILLIAN?
- BECAUSE--
- BECAUSE WHAT?
- BECAUSE I--
- BECAUSE I LOVE HER!
BECAUSE I LOVE HER,
ALL RIGHT?
I AM A CAD AND A DECEIVER.
AND I AM HOPELESSLY,
RIDICULOUSLY IN LOVE.
"DEAR PRESCOTT,
I AM DEEPLY SORRY
"THAT I ACCUSED YOU
OF TRYING TO KILL ME.
"GOOD DAY.
I SAID GOOD DAY, SIR.
SIGNED, SHOWN SPENCER."
YOU MISSPELLED YOUR NAME.
- I DID THAT ON PURPOSE.
- NO, YOU DIDN'T.
- YOU'RE RIGHT.
I WAS IN A HURRY
AND I DIDN'T HAVE SPELL CHECK.
- YOU NEED SPELL CHECK
FOR YOUR OWN NAME?
- GUS.
- SO WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO NOW?
- WELL, TO TELL YOU THE TRUTH,
MR. GUSTER,
MY ADVICE IS JUST WORDS
ON A PAGE.
"ATTACK AND CONQUER."
IT'S NONSENSE.
IT DOESN'T WORK WITH A PERSON
OF ACTUAL SUBSTANCE
LIKE GILLIAN.
I'VE GOT TO DO SOMETHING.
GENTLEMEN, I'M GOING TO PROPOSE.
- OOH.
EXCITING FOR YOU.
- NO, IT'S EXCITING FOR YOU.
IT'S TERRIFYING FOR ME.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M DOING.
THAT'S WHY I'M ASKING
EUGENIA FOR TEA.
I'M HOPING HER FRIEND
CAN GIVE ME ADVICE
ON HOW TO APPROACH HER.
- WELL, HOPEFULLY SHE'S NOT
AS STINGY WITH HER ADVICE
AS SHE IS WITH HER GUM.
- OH, WELL, YOU HAVE TO TAKE
INTO ACCOUNT HER CIRCUMSTANCES.
- WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES?
- YOU DON'T KNOW?
EUGENIA'S
PRACTICALLY PENNILESS.
GILLIAN TAKES CARE OF HER.
- MY FRIEND EUGENIA
WAS RECENTLY DISAPPOINTED
BY A GENTLEMAN FRIEND
AND SHE COULD USE
SOME COMPANY.
- DUDE, GABE MCKINLEY
WAS DATING EUGENIA.
HE BROKE UP WITH HER.
- HE REALIZED EUGENIA
HAD NO MONEY.
HE CHOSE THE WRONG WOMAN.
- HIS BUDDY SCORED
THE BIG FISH, GILLIAN.
GABE WAS JEALOUS.
- JEALOUS ENOUGH TO POISON HIM
TO GET HIM OUT OF THE WAY.
- JEALOUS ENOUGH
TO POISON ME.
- SLIGHTLY. YES.
- SLI--?
- WE BETTER CALL JULES
AND LASSIE.
- WHERE'S GABE MCKINLEY?
WHERE IS HE?
- ON THREE.
- YES, I'LL HOLD.
- STOP.
- THIS IS WHAT GABE
WAS DRINKING IN THE SAUNA.
LOOKS LIKE WE MAY HAVE ANOTHER
POISONING ON OUR HANDS.
- CUFFLINKS.
WAIT A MINUTE.
GABE WAS HAVING AN AFFAIR
WITH GILLIAN
AND THAT IS THE REASON
THAT HE IS DEAD.
LANCE WAS DATING GILLIAN
AND THAT IS THE REASON
THAT HE WAS POISONED.
AND BECAUSE I WENT ON ONE DATE
WITH JILLIAN,
SOMEONE TRIED
TO BARELY POISON ME.
NOW I'M SAYING IT.
- THANK YOU. THAT WAS THE LAB.
THE TOXICOLOGY REPORTS
ARE CONCLUSIVE.
THE PRINCIPAL TOXIN
FOUND IN THE POISON
THAT LANCE INGESTED
IS CALLED NAPHTHALENE.
- NAPHTHALEN E?
- NAPHTHALENE.
- WHAT-PHTHALENE?
- NAPHTHALEN E?
- DOES THIS MEAN ANYTHING
TO YOU?
- IN MORE WAYS THAN ONE.
MOTHBALLS, SHAWN.
EUGENIA SMELLED
LIKE MOTHBALLS.
BUT IT WASN'T HER.
IT WAS THE GARDEN.
THE MAIN INGREDIENT IN MOTHBALLS
IS NAPHTHALENE.
- NAPHTHALENE?
- THAT'S ENOUGH.
SHE USED THEM
AS A PESTICIDE,
BUT THEY BECOME HIGHLY LETHAL
IF THEY'RE INGESTED.
IT'S THE PERFECT OLD PERSON'S
MURDER WEAPON.
THE MOTHBALL.
- OF COURSE IT WAS HER.
THAT'S WHAT SHE USED
TO POISON GABE'S ENERGY DRINK
AND LANCE'S SCOTCH.
- LASSIE, YOU CAN SEND ME
A THANK YOU NOTE LATER.
- WELL, TECHNICALLY,
YOU HAVE SEVEN DAYS.
- YEAH OR YOU SHOULD REALLY TRY
TO DO IT SOONER.
- YOU REALLY SHOULD.
- WE NEED TO FIND EUGENIA.
WHERE IS SHE?
- WITH PRESCOTT.
- OH, NO.
HE'S ABOUT TO DROP THE BOMB
THAT HE'S GONNA PROPOSE
TO GILLIAN.
IF WE DON'T GET THERE
IN TIME,
HE'S VICTIM NUMBER THREE.
[siren blares]
[tires screeching]
- CRIPE'S SAKE.
[honks horn] COME ON!
MOVE THOSE VEHICLES!
[honking horn]
- LET'S GO!
WE HAVE TO GET UP THERE
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.
- I'M AWARE OF THAT, O'HARA.
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO,
SHOOT MY WAY
UP THE HILL?
I WILL.
- OR...
- SHAWN, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SHAWN, GET BACK IN THE CAR!
- WE'RE GONNA TAKE A SHORTCUT!
WE'LL MEET YOU UP THERE!
- MEET THEM UP THERE?
HAVE YOU LOST YOUR DAMN MIND?
- OH, SCREW THIS.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
CARLTON!
- COME ON.
COME ON.
THERE WE GO, YOU...
- GREAT.
- SON OF A...
[horn honks]
- SHOULDN'T A CASE
WITH AN OLDER WOMAN
KILLING PEOPLE
BE LESS ATHLETIC?
- HANG IN THERE, BUDDY.
THINK ABOUT THE CUCUMBER
FINGER SANDWICHES
WAITING FOR US UP TOP.
- OH, MAY I HELP YOU?
- WE NEED TO GET IN.
- OF COURSE YOU DO.
DO YOU HAVE A RESERVATION?
I'M AFRAID I CANNOT SEAT YOU
WITHOUT A RESERVATION.
HOWEVER, I'D BE MORE THAN HAPPY
TO RECOMMEND ANOTHER TEA SERVICE
WHERE PERHAPS PINECONE CHIPS
ARE AN ACCEPTED PART
OF THE DRESS CODE.
- LASSIE, YOU DON'T HAVE
A RESERVATION.
PRESCOTT!
DON'T DRINK THAT TEA!
- GOOD LORD.
PLEASE CONTROL YOURSELF.
THERE IS A LADY PRESENT.
- SHE IS NOT A LADY.
SHE IS A MURDERESS.
AND A LESBIAN.
WE'LL GET TO THAT IN A MINUTE.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, EUGENIA?
THINK ABOUT IT.
NO ONE STOOD TO LOSE MORE
THAN EUGENIA
IF GILLIAN GOT SERIOUS
WITH SOMEBODY.
YOU'RE IN LOVE WITH HER.
IT WAS ALWAYS
JUST THE TWO OF YOU.
AND IN YOUR MIND,
IT ALWAYS WOULD BE.
LASSITER WAS RIGHT.
GILLIAN'S LATE HUSBAND WALTER
DID DIE UNDER MYSTERIOUS
CIRCUMSTANCES.
BUT NOT AT GILLIAN'S HANDS.
AT YOURS.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, EUGENIA?
- EUGENIA'S BEEN STAYING WITH ME
SINCE WALTER DIED.
SHE DOESN'T LIKE
TO GO OUT MUCH.
AND IT HASN'T WORKED OUT
WITH ANY OF THE MEN
I'VE SET HER UP WITH.
- POOR GUS HERE NEVER STOOD
A CHANCE, DID HE?
YOU ONLY HAD EYES FOR GILLIAN.
- OF COURSE.
NOW IT MAKES SENSE.
THAT'S WHY SHE GAVE ME
THE PULLBACK.
- SHE GAVE YOU THE PULLBACK?
- NO ONE APPRECIATED HER
LIKE I DO.
SHE ALWAYS CHOSE
THE WRONG MAN.
I WANTED WHAT WAS BEST
FOR HER,
AND TO MAKE SURE
SHE DIDN'T GET HURT.
I WAS PROTECTING HER.
- BOO-HOO. STAND UP.
- YOU BETTER CUFF HER
BEFORE SHE KILLS EVERYONE
IN THIS RESTAURANT.
- PUT YOUR HANDS
BEHIND YOUR BACK.
- I ALWAYS THOUGHT
GILLIAN AND I
WOULD SPEND
OUR FINAL DAYS TOGETHER.
- COME ON, LADY.
LET'S GO.
- AS YOU KNOW, GENTLEMEN,
I SHALL NOT BE TEACHING
THE CLASS
FOR THE NEXT TWO WEEKS,
AS I SHALL BE
ON MY HONEYMOON.
[chuckles]
YES. BUT I HAVE ARRANGED
DURING THAT TIME
TO PRESENT YOU WITH THE WISDOM
OF SEVERAL GUEST SPEAKERS,
THE FIRST OF WHICH IS A MAN
I'VE COME TO KNOW QUITE WELL
OVER THE LAST WEEK.
SO WITHOUT FURTHER ADO,
I PRESENT TO YOU
PSYCHIC DETECTIVE
AND TRUE GENTLEMAN,
SHAWN SPENCER.
- YOU KNOW, MY BEST FRIEND
BURTON GUSTER
SAID THAT WE COULD ALL AFFORD
TO BE A LITTLE MORE GENTLEMANLY
IN LIFE.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
HE WAS DEAD WRONG ABOUT THAT.
- WOW.
- BUT I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT I CAN SEE.
THE WAY I THINK IS THE RIGHT WAY
TO DO THINGS
IS NOT THE ONLY WAY.
- IT'S BARELY A WAY AT ALL.
- WELL, IT'S MY WAY.
- IT'S NOT A REAL WAY.
- IF IT'S THE WAY
I APPROACH SOMETHING,
IT QUALIFIES AS A WAY.
- BUT IT'S NOT
A VERY GOOD WAY.
- CLIVE, I THINK
YOU SHOULD SETTLE DOWN.
- ALL RIGHT.
- WE CAN ALL AFFORD
TO GROW UP A BIT.
EVEN ME.
- ESPECIALLY YOU.
- TRUTH IS, I WANT TO CHANGE.
I NEED TO CHANGE.
- YOU GOT THAT RIGHT.
- I WANT MY FATHER
ON HIS DEATHBED--
FOUR OR FIVE YEARS FROM NOW--
TO LOOK AT ME AND SAY
"THAT--THAT IS THE MAN
THAT I RAISED."
AND I WANT HIM TO BE POINTING
AT SOME OTHER GUY.
BECAUSE THAT MEANS
THAT MAYBE--
JUST MAYBE--I AM NOT
HIS BIOLOGICAL SON.
- OH.
HELLO. THANKS FOR TAKING
THE TIME TO SEE ME.
- WHAT DO YOU WANT?
- OKAY. OKAY.
IT'S NOT A HUGE DEAL.
I JUST NEED TO HEAR IT FROM YOU.
YOU NOT BEING INTERESTED
IN ME,
THAT'S SOLELY BECAUSE,
YOU KNOW,
THAT YOU ARE, YOU KNOW.
- IN LOVE WITH A WOMAN?
- YES. THAT.
- YOU DO REALIZE I'M IN HERE
BECAUSE I'M BEING CHARGED
WITH A TRIPLE HOMICIDE, RIGHT?
- YES. I GET IT.
YOU'RE BUSY.
I'M BUSY TOO.
IT'S JUST THAT IT'S BEEN
BOTHERING ME
BECAUSE YOU DATED THAT OTHER GUY
IN THE BEGINNING
AT THE BENEFIT.
- YES. BUT I KILLED HIM.
- RIGHT. I HEAR THAT.
- WOULD YOU HAVE FELT BETTER
IF I HAD TRIED TO KILL YOU TOO?
- WELL...
- YOU KNOW, YOU SHOULD MEET
A NICE GIRL
AND--AND FOCUS ON HER.
AND NEVER EVER
COME BACK HERE.
- OKAY.
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com